Force-length and Force-velocity profiles of muscles. You can make an estimate of torque vs angle/torque vs angular velocity using consideration of all muscles
Guesstimate the force-length relationship to see what the max force should be at each point.
What is the limit? Can I have a ramp up with a torque  
Given the torque profiles, how high can you jump. 
Maybe jump height depends on starting position?
If I give you an initial condition, how high can you jump based on the timing.
Countermovement: If I want to jump, the best starting position is standing straight up, then going down, and as you are going down you turn on the muscles and use the spring like properties of muscle of improve the force production.
Markus Pandi University of texas parameter optimization
Get rid of some of these. Get rid of some problems associated with bayesian.
Can you make this simpler, and can you turn it into a question you can answer.
Get rid of inital conditions. Start in the starting position. Stay away from counter movement if you can. 
Counter movement jump - Zajac countermovement jump: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/2292598/
          Whatever you do, do not try to imiate this paper

2 problems people have --> How high can you get. I do not want to fall.
Do not make it a hump. Turn things on maximally. Timing you keep it, and just go until the simulation ends. Do not make it a hump, make it a step.
Turn it on maximum, and then you have an assumed strength limit.

Steps. Take out start and time length, and have muscles set to maximal. Also take out gradual muscle strength increases, and instead make it a step increase. Then optimize for starting position.

argpMax
You have 2 parameters, and then you make a plot of P1, P2, and plot them across certain values

It is not interesting how far something can go, unless there is some sort of jeopardy. Might go negative for a bit, but then you push it forward. Allow for countermovement by allowing multiple time steps. Rate limit is a constraint on the optimization. P1 cannot be this high as it started at 0, and P1 can only be so high due to the rate limit.
Constraint optimization: 3 ways. 1. Do not let the parameters vary. Subtract a lil bit from utility or add to cost function if the parameters go

f min is the simplest optimizer. If you want to constrain values, fmincon